Support HyperVGeneration attribute for shared_image (#6511)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/shared_image.html.markdown

* `os_type` - The type of Operating System present in this Shared Image.

> * `hyper_v_generation` - The hypervisor generation of the virtual machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `hyper_v_generation` - The generation of the HyperV the Virtual Machine the image is based on was created from.
```

Author: Thanks, done!
